•	Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
This project was to determine the optimal algorithm in order to help the pirate reach the treasure before the human player. We were given two py files as well as some starter code . One of the py files was the environment of which the pirate was to maneuver through, and the other was the experience for replay code. The code I created for this project is the pirate agent and for them to have an optimal path to the treasure via a Deep-Q learning algorithm. I also determined the number of epochs that the algorithm took to achieve a 100%-win rate. The number of epochs to get the goal success rate was 483. 

• What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
A computer scientist researches and experiments on conceptual ideas in order to heighten current technology as well as produce effective applications. They shape the digital landscapes by contributing to the development of technology that impacts everyday life. Their work enhances the quality of life when it comes to the exponentially increasing diversity of the technological world. It matters to everyone who uses technology in some way since we are always trying to improve it. It also matters because it leads to scientific breakthroughs and drive innovation in numerous industries.

•	How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
To approach this problem as a computer scientist, I would first examine the code that is given (if any). If code was not given to me, I would determine the best type of algorithm to implement to achieve the goal. Understanding the problem at hand is key to the success of the algorithm. Once this is done, I would then try to implement the code in the best way possible. I would consider runtime as well as memory that is alluded to reach the best possible outcome. From there I would determine the correct number of epochs that is needed to find the optimal path and train the system vigorously.

•	What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
My ethical responsibilities are a great deal when training the system, such as, not allowing bias to interfere with the system that is being trained. Another responsibility is to protect other users’ information as well as the organizations to produce the best possible outcome and secure the private and vital information of the organization. Lastly, being transparent is vital for the success of the company. This would reduce any ambiguity as well as improve the amount of trust from users who interact with the system. 
